Lawn
You approach a large, ancient mansion, surrounded by a tall iron fence. You think that you could climb the fence, given the need, but that's not why you are here, so you decide against it, for the time being. You're here to retrieve a mysterious item from the mansion, as a dare. The mansion has reportedly been abandoned for years, but there are endless rumors about the place. As you open the gate, you see on the porch a sphynx statue, similar to the one in Egypt, though this one has a nose. You cautiously make your way up the porch steps, watching and listening for movement.
Porch
As you get up the final step, the statue starts to move! The sphynx, which you now know to be alive and real, looks you over disdainfully.
Entrance Hall
You enter the old mansion, your eyes adjusting from the bright sunshine outside to the dim, unlit interior. Even with your eyes adjusted, you can make out little amongst the shadows and cobwebs. You remember the flashlight you brought with you, and turn it on. The light illuminates the room, and you can soon see clearly enough to identify objects around you. There isn't any furniture, but you see a large chandelier hanging from the ceiling, and an old grandfather clock sitting silent, motionless, and despondent in a corner.
West Hall
You are in the western hallway of the mansion. There are doors to your left and right, and another one at the end of the hallway. Except for some candlebrackets in the walls, the hall is otherwise empty.
Northwest Storage
You open the door to reveal what seems to have been a storage cupboard, but it is bare now. Even the shelves have been taken.
Southwest Storage
You open the door to reveal what seems to have been a storage cupboard, but it is bare now. Even the shelves have been taken.
Common Lounge
You walk into a room with several armchairs, all covered with while cloth - it was white at some point. These days, though, it's the ugly gray of dust.
Baths
You enter the room, and hear the soft splashing of water in a pool. You realize that you are in an indoor swimming pool, possibly used for bathing. The water has clearly been there for years, as it is murky and unclean.
Dorms
You see several doors ahead of you, and an inspection of each reveals that this is a dormitory area, with smaller bunk rooms behind each door.
East Hall
You are in the eastern hallway of the mansion. There are doors to your left and right, and another one at the end of the hallway. Except for some candlebrackets in the walls, the hall is otherwise empty.
Southeast Storage
You open the door to reveal what seems to have been a storage cupboard, but it is bare now. Even the shelves have been taken.
Northeast Storage
You open the door to reveal what seems to have been a storage cupboard, but it is bare now. Even the shelves have been taken.
Mess Hall
Behind the door, you see several long, wooden tables with benches in a large mess hall. The wood is rotting, and several of the tables and benches have collapsed under their own weight.
Kitchen
You see a few long metal food preparation tables, which are not stainless steel, as evidenced by the several stains spotted along their length.
Basement
You open the door to reveal old stone steps leading down. You slowly follow them, but the hallway suddenly stops. The rest has been bricked up.
Throne Room
You see a large safe sitting on a desk. There is nothing else in the room. You are worried that you will ultimately fail, due to the safe being locked, but upon testing the door, you find the safe to be unlocked.